improvement(client-presence): improve join response scalability and reliability (#25371)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/floppy-sides-hammer.md

---
"@fluidframework/presence": minor
"__section": feature
---
Improved join scalability

> Protocol for attendees joining has been updated to accommodate larger attendees included when few to none have write access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protocol for attendees joining has been updated to accommodate a larger number of attendees, including when few-to-none have write access.
```
